>> Zac: What I'm gonna do is, because
were outside of WordPress, these examples
are not themes and they're not plugins so
we don't have to copy them into WordPress.
We could run them wherever we want.
And they're all leveraging
Webpak behind the scenes so
that we could just launch
up a server directly.
So I'm gonna copy this, I'm sorry,
I'm gonna drag this down into my editor.
Man, it's really hard to use
your computer when drag and
drop doesn't work,
things we take for granted, okay.
>> Zac: Okay, so
let me come down to the final example,
deleting-posts-completed.
I'm gonna open up my command line and
I'm gonna cd into 6.6, okay?
>> Zac: And once I'm in here,
because I don't,
notice there's no known modules folder.
So the first thing you'll have
to do is run npm install.
That's not gonna work, hold on.
Okay, and
that's gonna pull down all your files.
So, you'll have to do this for
every one, so it may take a few seconds.
It may just be faster to copy and
paste, but you'll notice that
the requirements in the first
file are very small.
And then by the time we get to the end,
>> Zac: Not the destore package.
>> Zac: Notice now not only do we have
access but we have a form url encoder or
whatever that is and a JS cookie and
some more stuff in our thing.
So you can't copy all the files directly.
The other thing that I'll mention
especially for those that are watching and
saw that I changed some of the repo.
Is that, when we get into saving posts,
because you can't take the entire
WordPress editor and pass it via a JSON
string and have all that code work,
I look forward to the days when
Internet pipes work that way.
But we can't, so
when we get into our savings posts,
>> Zac: Notice that in my distribution
folder, I have tinymce here and
in my Index.html,
>> Zac: Scroll with me now.
I'm just doing a hard link to it.
So maybe not the best approach ever.
And you could definitely get
the slimmed down version,
although this is the minified version.
So again, not the best approach ever,
but this is how we're doing it.
If you downloaded the code and
you come into one of the later examples,
like let's say you come
into editing posts and
you don't see inside your distribution
folder, the tinymce folder.
You have to copy and paste it from
one of the previous examples, okay?
So, if you come in the distribution for
editing posts,
or deleting posts, and
you don't see this tinymce folder.
You've gotta copy it but
I removed it just to save on speed, okay?
So, now everything should
be pulled in at this point.
Cool, let's run npm start,
I'll just show you again
the package
>> Zac: Okay so
our scripts in our JSON file,
our packet JSON.
We have start which is gonna
run webpack server on https.
We need https.
Yes, you should never be doing
authentication with your site
not on SSL and your app on SSL.
So our WordPress site has gotta be SSL.
And [COUGH] whatever app
we're building is SSL.
Otherwise the data that we're
sending is completely insecure and
we do not wanna be sending user name and
passwords over the wild wild web, right?
So that's something to point out.
And then finally when your
ready to build for production,
that option is there as well.
So I could run NPM start.
>> Zac: This will boot up my server and
it's going to tell
me that this is going
to be running on https.
Just give it a second here.
>> Zac: Okay.
So it's compiled and running now.
I could come into my browser and
local host.
I think it's at 3000.
Check it out.
Looks familiar right?
This is not running on WordPress,
necessarily the server.
So this could go straight
up on any server.
It doesn't have to be connected
to the WordPress site.
We click on something.
We see the full post.
Notice that this is just an excerpt.
And then, there will be more
when you go into the page, so
containing that single-page view.
And then, we also have the ability
to log in to our site.
>> Zac: And now we see,
I didn't copy over Teenymce, so it broke.
Let me do that real quick.
>> Zac: And I'm just gonna check,
like I said, that that,
in my index file it's
all linked up properly.
That link should still be there.
Okay, yeah, so that's there.
Let's see, is it copied over?
Almost done.
>> Zac: I will say when I was
playing around with this,
there are a number of different editors.
So this is one of the problems
when you move decoupled and
you wanna let people edit.
There's a few major ones out there.
Some of them work better
with some framework.
Some of them work better than others.
But because WordPress is
already using teenymce,
it's kind of tricky sometimes
to set up and work with.
That was part of the reason
I did that here, but
it has taken a really
long time to copy over.
>> Zac: Okay, I come up and demo this
again, I'm gonna let you get started.
But basically, what you should see is
the exact same thing we had before
where you'll see the ability
to edit posts and delete them.
Here we go, okay.
>> Zac: Let's log out and start this over.
>> Zac: Okay, so we've got our posts,
we can go ahead and log in.
>> Zac: And now we could see,
we have this action, New Posty.
>> Zac: Heyo more, more, more.
Save it, and
we get the same message as before.
The form clears.
This time we don't have a toggle one.
It was just one more thing to add.
And I figured if you know the JavaScript
to toggle something, that's not too bad.
But now we could click on edit,
it'll pop it up into the edit field,
we could edit it, we could also delete it.
And unlike our last app,
not only can we edit and add stuff, but
we can actually click into a specific
page as well and view that extra data.
So that wasn't in our standalone one,
it looks like something
went wrong here with that content
being cleared, it should be, okay.
So this is what we're after, and the
benefits of being able to do this, is that
you can now basically do whatever you
need and work through the authentication.
You could have them editing posts,
deleting it, and we're not tied to
WordPress at all, except via the API.